This is a web application meant to serve a Random Forest model I built to generate odds for UFC matches. To use, simply select two fighters and click to generate odds.

The performance metrics for the model are as follows:
1. Classification accuracy - 69%
2. Log loss - 0.54

Please note the following limitations of the model:
1. The biggest limitation is that the model cannot consider stylistic matchups. Often times, one fighter may be equally or more skilled than their opponnent, but will lose because the stylistic matchup is not in their favour. This is the reason for most instances where odds generated by the model deviate substantially from bookmaker odds.
2. The model cannot account for instances where a fighter from one weight class is matched up against a fighter from a different weight class. In such instances, the model will treat both fighters as if they're in the same weight class. I chose to not account for weight class differences, as there are not enough instances of fighters fighting above/below their usual weight class in order to reliably account for it in predictions. Additionally, some fighters will move up or down in weight class over the course of their career, and considering their current listed weight class as a factor while analyzing past fights in different weight classes could lead to look-ahead bias.
3. Due to unreliable and incomplete data provided by other promotions, the model does not consider data from any fights outside of the UFC. Fighters must have at least 5 fights listed on their UFC stats page in order to generate predictions. Additionally, predictions may be substantially inaccurate in cases where a fighter has had mixed results within the UFC, but has had stellar results outside the UFC. This is because their stats accrued outside the UFC cannot be considered. For example, the model tends to generate odds for Michael Chandler that are far lower than those offered by bookmakers.
Disclaimer: This model was built strictly for educational purposes and as a hobby project. I do not encourage using this model to make betting decisions, and I bare no responsibility for anyone who chooses to do so.